IGNITE-14657 README.md for ignite-configuration module. (#109)
apache/ignite-3: modules/configuration/README.md

# Configuration

This module contains the API classes and the implementation for the Ignite configuration framework.
The idea is to provide the so-called _Unified configuration_ — a common way of configuring both local Ignite nodes
and remote Ignite clusters. The original concept is described in
[IEP-55](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/IGNITE/IEP-55+Unified+Configuration).

## Concepts

### Configuration Schema

Type-safe schema of a configuration, which is used for generating public API interfaces and
internal implementations to avoid writing boilerplate code. 

All schema classes must end with the `ConfigurationSchema` suffix.

### Configuration Registry

> `ConfigurationRegistry` is the entry point of the module.

Reviewer: Add more text here

Author: Done

### Root Key

`RootKey` interface represents a type-safe object that holds the _key_ of the root node. Instances of
this interface are generated automatically and are mandatory for registering the configuration roots.

### Example Schema

An example configuration schema may look like the following:

```java
@ConfigurationRoot(rootName = "root", type = ConfigurationType.LOCAL)
public static class ParentConfigurationSchema {

>     @NamedConfigValue

Reviewer: Add an explanation about `NamedConfigValue` and `NamedLists`

Author: Done

    private NamedElementConfigurationSchema elements;

    @ConfigValue
    private ChildConfigurationSchema child;
}

@Config
public static class ChildConfigurationSchema {
    @Value(hasDefault = true)
    public String str = "foobar";
    
    @Value
    @Immutable
    public String str;
}
```

* `@ConfigurationRoot` marks the root schema. It contains the following properties:
  * `type` property, which can either be `LOCAL` or `DISTRIBUTED`. This property dictates the _storage_ type used 

>     to persist the schema — `Vault` or `Metastorage`;

Reviewer: What is the `Vault` and `Metastorage` and what are the consequences of choosing one?

  * All Ignite configuration instances can be represented by a forest, where every node has a name, usually referred 
    to as a _key_. The `rootName` property assigns a _key_ to the root node of the tree that will represent 
    the corresponding configuration schema;
* `@Config` is similar to the `@ConfigurationRoot` but represents an inner configuration node;
* `@ConfigValue` marks a nested schema field. Cyclic dependencies are not allowed;

> * `@NamedConfigValue` is similar to `@ConfigValue` but such fields will basically become `Map<String, declared_schema>`;

Reviewer: > but such fields will basically become `Map<String, declared_schema>`;

This sentence makes little sense

# Configuration

This module contains the API classes and the implementation for the Ignite configuration framework.
The idea is to provide the so-called _Unified configuration_ — a common way of configuring both local Ignite nodes
and remote Ignite clusters. The original concept is described in
[IEP-55](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/IGNITE/IEP-55+Unified+Configuration).

## Concepts

### Configuration Schema

Type-safe schema of a configuration, which is used for generating public API interfaces and
internal implementations to avoid writing boilerplate code. 

All schema classes must end with the `ConfigurationSchema` suffix.

### Configuration Registry

`ConfigurationRegistry` is the entry point of the module. It is used to register root keys, validators, storages and to

> start / stop component. Please refer to the class for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start / stop the component. Refer to the class javadocs for more details.
```

### Root Key

All Ignite configuration instances can be represented by a forest, where every node has a name, usually referred
to as a _key_. `RootKey` interface represents a type-safe object that holds the _key_ of the root node of the 
configuration tree. 

Instances of this interface are generated automatically and are mandatory for registering the configuration roots.

### Example Schema

An example configuration schema may look like the following:

```java
@ConfigurationRoot(rootName = "root", type = ConfigurationType.LOCAL)
public static class ParentConfigurationSchema {
    @NamedConfigValue
    private NamedElementConfigurationSchema elements;

    @ConfigValue
    private ChildConfigurationSchema child;
}

@Config
public static class ChildConfigurationSchema {
    @Value(hasDefault = true)
    public String str1 = "foobar";
    
    @Value
    @Immutable
    public String str2;
}
```

* `@ConfigurationRoot` marks the root schema. It contains the following properties:
  * `type` property, which can either be `LOCAL` or `DISTRIBUTED`. This property dictates the _storage_ type used 

>     to persist the schema — `Vault` or `Metastorage`. `Vault` stores data locally while `Metastorage` is a distributed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to persist the schema — `Vault` or `Metastorage`. `Vault` stores data locally, while `Metastorage` is a distributed
```

    system that should store only cluster-wide configuration properties;
  * `rootName` property assigns a _key_ to the root node of the tree that will represent 
    the corresponding configuration schema;
* `@Config` is similar to the `@ConfigurationRoot` but represents an inner configuration node;
* `@ConfigValue` marks a nested schema field. Cyclic dependencies are not allowed;

> * `@NamedConfigValue` is similar to `@ConfigValue` but such fields represent collection of properties, not a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `@NamedConfigValue` is similar to `@ConfigValue`, but such fields represent a collection of properties, not a single
```

>   instance. Every element of the collection will have a `String` name, which makes it pretty much like a `Map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instance. Every element of the collection will have a `String` name, similar to a `Map`.
```

>   `NamedListConfiguration` interface is used to represent this field in generated configuration classes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `NamedListConfiguration` interface is used to represent this field in the generated configuration classes. 
```

* `@Value` annotation marks the _leaf_ values. `hasDefault` property can be used to set default values for fields:
  if set to `true`, the default value will be used to initialize the annotated configuration field in case no value 
  has been provided explicitly. This annotation can only be present on fields of the following types:
  * `boolean` or `boolean[]`
  * `int` or `int[]`
  * `long` or `long[]`
  * `double` or `double[]`
  * `String` or `String[]`
    

>   All _leaves_ must be public and corresponding configuration values **can't be null**;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All _leaves_ must be public and corresponding configuration values **must not be null**;
```
